Albatross Mobile and web application

Technologies on frontend: Angular, ionic, cordova, firebase sdk, webrtc

Backend Technologies used: Nodejs, Mongodb.

Project Start Date: 22/July/2020

Project End Date: 2/Nov/2020

Contributors: Atif Sultan (Frontend Intern)
	      Talal Abbas (Backend Junior Developer)	 

Description:
This is a realtime communication platform for people who want to learn golf from professional instructors. 
There are two applications. A PWA and An android aplication. The PWA is for instructors only. Whereas, the android
app is for both instructors and students. Students can login/signup, search for instructors and schedule an appointment
with them which if accepted by the instructor will appear on both student and instructor dashboards. 
The lessons can also be filtered depending on the date. 
when it is time for the lesson the student or instructor can navigate to the 
lesson description section by clicking on the scheduled lesson and clicking the start button. 
At the end of the session the student must leave a textual review for the instructor 
The Instructor can also record the lecture for the student and post it for him 
on the recording page. The student can comment on the recorded video or express his/her views. 

Instructions For Testing:

1- Open Host URl: https://albatross-mobile-ui.web.app

2- Signup as instructor.

3- Open Android application signup as student

4- Search Instructor by full name

5- Click on instructor, set date and time for appointment on next page, Click Request.

6- As Instructor, go to Lesson Requests Page the request should appear accept it.

7- Go to the student dashboard, the lesson details will appear now.

8- Click on lesson card and go to lesson descrption page click on start.

9- Go back to instructor repeat step 7 and 8 the video call will start now on both end.

10- (For Recording) Click on record button at bottom to start recording it will appear green. When you stop recording, it will
    turn back red.

11- (For Comment) Go to recording page, click on view comment button, write a comment and click on green plus button on 
    right hand side.

12- (For Filtering) Click on the calendar section (top left section showing currently selected date) 
select the date for the lesson you want to view and click overlay background to exit. The navigation bar dates will change.
Click on a date to view the lesson for that date.    